[Merged by Bors] - Logging (#187)
stackabletech/stackablectl: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/demos/logging.adoc

= logging

This demo will

* Install the required Stackable operators.
* Spin up the follow data products:
** *Apache ZooKeeper*: A centralized service for maintaining configuration
information, naming, providing distributed synchronization, and providing group
services. This demo makes its log data observable in OpenSearch Dashboards.
** *Vector*: A tool for building observability pipelines. This demo uses Vector
as a log agent to gather and transform the logs and as an aggregator to forward
the collected logs to OpenSearch.
** *OpenSearch*: A data store and search engine. This demo uses it to store and
index the log data.
** *OpenSearch Dashboards*: A visualization and user interface. This demo uses
it to make the log data easily accessible to the user.
* Create a view in OpenSearch Dashboards for convenient browsing the log data.

You can see the deployed products as well as their relationship in the
following diagram:

image::logging/overview.png[]

== OpenSearch prerequisites

> OpenSearch uses a mmapfs directory by default to store its indices. The default
> operating system limits on mmap counts is likely to be too low – usually 65530,
> which may result in out of memory exceptions. So the Linux setting
> `vm.max_map_count` on the host machine where kind is running, must be set to at
> least 262144.
> 
> [NOTE]
> ====
> If you are on a Mac, the commands in this section won’t work for you. You can
> skip it, and continue with the rest of the tutorial. They are not strictly
> necessary to get a working prototype going.
> ====
> 
> To check the current value, run this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== OpenSearch prerequisites

=== Mac and Windows
 If you're running on Mac or Windows and use Docker to run
Kubernetes, in menu:Preferences[Resources] set the RAM to at least 4GB.

=== Linux

OpenSearch uses a mmapfs directory by default to store its indices. The default
operating system limits on mmap counts is likely to be too low – usually 65530,
which may result in out of memory exceptions. So the Linux setting
`vm.max_map_count` on the host machine where kind is running, must be set to at
least 262144.

To check the current value, run this command:
```

Reviewer: I'd do it like this

Author: adopted
